feat(tls): generate certificates on first run (#128)
coreruleset/modsecurity-crs-docker: README.md

### TLS/HTTPS

> The TLS is configured by default on port 443. Note: The default configuration generates self signed certificates at first run. To use your own certificates (recommended) COPY or mount (-v) your server.crt and server.key into `/usr/local/apache2/conf/` or `/etc/nginx/conf/`. Please remember you'll need to forward the HTTPS port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TLS is configured by default on port 443. Note: The default configuration generates a self signed certificate on first run. To use your own certificates (recommended) `COPY` or mount (`-v`) your `server.crt` and `server.key` into `/usr/local/apache2/conf/` or `/etc/nginx/conf/`. Remember to publish the HTTPS port when running the image.
```
